[Refactor] [lang] "ti.sqr(x)" is now fully deprecated (#1476)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/debugging.rst

```RuntimeError: [verify.cpp:basic_verify@40] stmt 8 cannot have operand 7.```

You may use ``ti.init(advance_optimization=False)`` to turn off advanced
optimization and see if the issue still exists:

.. code-block:: python

    import taichi as ti

    ti.init(advance_optimization=False)

    ...

> If turning off optimization fixes the issue (or not), please report this bug on `GitHub <https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi/issues/new?labels=potential+bug&template=bug_report.md>`_. Thank you!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether or not turning off optimization fixes the issue, please feel free to report this bug on `GitHub <https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi/issues/new?labels=potential+bug&template=bug_report.md>`_. Thank you!
```
